chore: added documentation for CdiComponent annotation (#1734)
vaadin/docs: articles/integrations/cdi/contexts.asciidoc

** Injecting into a larger scope binds the instance from the currently active smaller scope, and ignores changes in the smaller scope.
For example, after being injected into a session scope, a `@UIScoped` bean will point to the same instance (even if its [classname]`UI` is closed), regardless of the current [classname]`UI`.

> Pseudo scopes are not bean defining annotation, so, in implicit bean archives, `@UIScoped` and `@RouteScoped` components needs to be marked with the `@CdiComponent` stereotype annotation, that lets the container scan and manage the instances of the annotated types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pseudo scopes are not bean-defining annotations, so, in implicit bean archives, [annotationname]`@UIScoped` and [annotationname]`@RouteScoped` components need to be marked with the [annotationname]`@CdiComponent` stereotype annotation, which lets the container scan and manage the instances of the annotated types.
```
